[ENH] Remove interactivity for image centering check (#1419)
aramis-lab/clinica: docs/Pipelines/T1_FreeSurfer.md

!!! note
    If you wish to obtain your results with another atlas, you can specify the option -ap/--atlas_path with the path to the atlas folder. Your atlas will need to be in FreeSurfer `gcs` format (e.g `hemisphere.atlasname_6p0.gcs`). The results will be stored in the same folder as the original results (additional files in `labels`, `stats` and `regional measures`).

> !!! note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Centering BIDS nifti"
```

>     If the images from the `BIDS_DIRECTORY` are not centered, Clinica will give a warning because this can be an issue in later processing steps (for instance if you are planning to run [pet-surface](./PET_Surface.md) afterwards), especially those involving SPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the images from the `BIDS_DIRECTORY` are not centered, Clinica will give a warning because this can be an issue **if** later processing steps involve SPM (for instance if you are planning to run [pet-surface](./PET_Surface.md) afterwards).
```
